Of Many Worlds in This World

By: Margaret Cavendish (1623-1673)

Just like as in a nest of boxes
round, Degrees of sizes in each
box are found: So, in this
world, may many others be
Thinner and less, and less still
by degree: Although they are not
subject to our sense, A world
may be no bigger than two-pence.
Nature is curious, and such
works may shape, Which our dull
senses easily escape: For
creatures, small as atoms, may
there be, If every one a
creatures figure bear. If atoms
four, a world can make, then see
What several worlds might in an
ear-ring be: For, millions of
those atoms may be in The head
of one small, little, single
pin. And if thus small, then
ladies may well wear A world of
worlds, as pendents in each ear.
