When My Name is Clyfford

By: Sophie March, '19

I am so handsome. Dont I look
like my dad, when he was twenty
and tall and grinning amidst the
green beans of his mothers
garden? When his hair was short
and his hands were calloused and
he was grinning. Dont I look
like my dad and arent I
handsome? I look at the ankles
of the boy sitting across from
me, his shoulders. Do I look
like the boy sitting across from
me? I cross my ankles, like him.
Do I look like my dad? I am
almost twenty-two. My hair is
short and my hands are soft, but
in the summer I will make them
hard and calloused. In the
summer the green beans will
flower. In the summer I will
look like my dad.
