duet partner

By: Haley Wildhirt, '22

you used to write her duets just
to hear her voice float six
steps above your baritone, just
to hear her say the words youd
sugar-spun with love; little
candies to dissolve on her
tongue and absorb into her
bloodstream, which as far as you
knew, was the most direct path
to her heart. you used to write
her duets laced with pseudonyms
of other girls names, girls you
had never met, girls youd used
to help paint the facade of who
you hoped she was; a seurat
pointillism portrait that only
looked whole from afar. you used
to write her duets but i was the
one who sang them, the one you
trusted to critique, the one who
let the sugar-spun, candied love
dissolve on her tongue and
absorb into her bloodstream, all
while my voice refused to float,
and stayed, a heavy-footed root
stuck in this heavy-hearted
earth.
