Aspiration

By: Henrietta Cordelia Ray
(1849-1917)

We climb the slopes of life with
throbbing heart, And eager
pulse, like children toward a
star. Sweet siren music cometh
from afar, To lure us on
meanwhile. Responsive start The
nightingales to richer song than
Art Can ever teach. No passing
shadows mar Awhile the dewy
skies; no inner jar Of conflict
bids us with our quest to part.
We see adown the distance,
rainbow-arched, What melting
aisles of liquid light and
bloom! We hasten, tremulous,
with lips all parched, And eyes
wide-stretched, nor dream of
coming gloom. Enough that
something held almost divine
Within us ever stirs. Can we
repine?
